feat(progress-stepper): add <rh-progress-stepper> element (#2449)
RedHat-UX/red-hat-design-system: elements/rh-progress-stepper/README.md

    aria-current="step">
  </rh-progress-step>
  
  <rh-progress-step 
    state="inactive" 
    label="Complete Profile"
    description="Add additional profile information">
  </rh-progress-step>
</rh-progress-stepper>
```

### Steps with Links

```html
<rh-progress-stepper>
  <rh-progress-step 
    state="complete" 
    href="/step1"
    label="Completed Step"
    description="Click to review this step">
  </rh-progress-step>
  
  <rh-progress-step 
    state="active" 
    label="Current Step">
  </rh-progress-step>
</rh-progress-stepper>
```

### Different Step States

```html
<rh-progress-stepper>
  <rh-progress-step state="complete">Complete</rh-progress-step>
  <rh-progress-step state="active">Active</rh-progress-step>
  <rh-progress-step state="warn">Warning</rh-progress-step>
  <rh-progress-step state="fail">Failed</rh-progress-step>
  <rh-progress-step state="inactive">Inactive</rh-progress-step>
</rh-progress-stepper>
```

### Custom Icons

```html
<rh-progress-stepper>
  <rh-progress-step 
    state="custom" 
    custom-icon="user-check" 
    custom-icon-set="ui">
    Custom Step
  </rh-progress-step>
</rh-progress-stepper>
```

## Accessibility

> - Use `aria-current="step"` on the currently active step

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use `state="active"` on the currently active step to denote the current step
```
